Updating documentation (#9185)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: sim/TEAMS.md

- `DYNAMAXLEVEL` is left blank for 10.

> - If `POKEBALL`, `HIDDENPOWERTYPE`, `GIGANTAMAX`, `DYNAMAXLEVEL` and `TERATYPE`

Reviewer: It should be explained that leaving TERATYPE blank defaults it to the Pokemon's first type

Author: @MathyFurret Thanks for the review. I've made a related note and this PR should be good to be merged.

- `DYNAMAXLEVEL` is left blank for 10.

> - `TERATYPE` if left blank, it will default to the pokemon's first type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TERATYPE` if left blank will default to the Pokémon's first type.
```
